This repository contains the Mathematica and Maple scripts to generate figure 1 and 2 in the paper
Gafni, Y., Lavi, R. and Tennenholtz M. 2020. VCG Under Sybil (False-name) Attacks - a Bayesian Analysis. In Proceedings of the 34th National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-20)

For a full validation flow for some alpha, beta, n value, first note that the n used in the Mathematica notebooks are \tilde{n} of the paper, so decrease n by 1 for your input. Now do the following:
1. Using split_attack_valfinder.nb, get the split attack granularity threshold for the values. Since this is much more easily feasible than the full polynomial verification, you can do it for higher values of alpha, beta, n. Also note that the script gives a numerical value for the granularity threshold - since it's not an exact expression, when you verify it in the following steps you might want to add a small epsilon (say 1/10^6) in order for calculation issues not to come up.
2. Now, derive polynomials for all possible high attack (x), low attack (y) and per-item value (v) combinations using the notebooks 1_type_integrator.nb, 2_type_integrator.nb, 2_type_integrator_vlt.nb. You will have the polynomials printed last under "Final expression".
3. Copy-Paste these polynomials into the respective variables in the Maple notebook significant_points.maple. Running this notebook, using Partial Cylindrical Algebraic Decomposition it will give significant points in the space to check their positivity. If they are all positive, then we are guaranteed the polynomial is positive over the whole value space. 
4. Copy-paste the point coordinates into the respective variables in the Mathematica notebook Positivity_verifier.nb. Notice you need to change [->{, ]->} for Mathematica to accept them as variables. Also you should switch the polynomials for which the points are evaluated to match the polynomials you are currently checking in the respective For loops. If it prints all "True", you're done - All polynomials representing all possible values are verified to be positive and the equilibrium holds. 
